Sustainability and safety of a structure anchors my main interest in structural health monitoring. As a civil engineer interested in modeling and programming, I have developed a strong passion for developing acoustic devices to benefit engineers in my field.

My undergraduate studies in civil engineering have provided me with a solid foundation in principles of structural design and analysis. However, I have come to realize that the key to ensuring the longevity and safety of a structure is not just its initial design but in its ongoing monitoring and maintenance.

Taking the same interest forward, I designed my final year project to develop a vibrating wire strain gauge to investigate the damage in reinforced concrete members. This acoustic strain gauge provides numerous benefits, including its sensitivity to measure strains up to 1 micron per meter and its property of being easily attached to any concrete surface. The gauge operators can be made in lab due to its low cost, which gives it an edge over conventional systems. This experience not only solidified my interest in the field but also exposed me to the practical challenges engineers face when implementing SHM systems. In these years, my interest in acoustic applications has increased tremendously, and I dedicated a great part of my bachelor's degree and my recent professional career to explore this field.

During these academic and professional experiences, I have realized that my country barely has any company working to develop such acoustic devices. As I observed this dilemma that my country is facing, I felt the need even more strongly to pursue a career in SHM systems.

Searching for post-graduate programs that align with my professional and personal interests, the WAVES program immediately caught my eye because of its unique curriculum being interdisciplinary, international, and inclusive. I believe that these courses on modeling and acoustic techniques will help me identify failing structures and build reliable SHM devices. To better ground these interests, I will also need a stronger background in other acoustic processes. The complete WAVES expertise will be crucial for me to become a true specialist in the field. Another strong inspiration for applying to the WAVES program is the chance to study at three different universities across Europe while sharing classrooms with people from diverse cultural and academic backgrounds and experiencing different teaching styles. Overall, the WAVES program will polish my technical skills and expand my network of acoustic enthusiasts, students, professors, alumni, and NGOs.

The future will bring challenges both for me and the acoustic field to build more resilient outcomes. To address these challenges, I plan to pursue a PhD where I will keep working in interdisciplinary and international environments by leading projects. In the long run, I am interested in developing efficient SHM devices to solve real-world engineering problems. I believe that the high standards of the WAVES program will open many doors for me, boosting my confidence to turn these future aspirations into achievable realities.